# Curriculum Vitae for Jessica Reid

I am a professional software developer (since 2015) and based in Scotland. My current projects are available for
viewing on my GitHub account: https://github.com/jessr92. I can be contacted via my personal email:
jess.reid1992@outlook.com

## Work Experience

### August 2015 to Present - Amazon

* August 2015 to Present as Software Development Engineer
* June 2014 to August 2014 as Software Development Engineer Intern

#### Inherent Relationships - May 2017 to Present

The core of my work involves developing and supporting an Amazon catalog scale (billions of items across tens of
marketplaces) data pipeline focused on the publication and management of relationships that power many Amazon retail
experience features. I lead cross-team projects, and lead components for cross-organisation efforts, while also
providing input to the overall strategy. I also directly mentor intern and permanent software developers.

Technologies involved include AWS services such as EMR, DynamoDB, RDS, SQS, SNS with implementation primarily written
in Java (including migrations from 8 to 11 to 17) with Typescript for infrastructure management and some systems
leveraging Python for scripting and using Node.JS/React for front-end.  All services have CI/CD with team-level 
ownership of all operational responsibilities.

I am also point of contact for client and sibling teams globally to assist their efforts in solving critical and
time-sensitive business problems. I also assist with their design and integration to core infrastructure with a focus
on simplifying cross-team engagement. I am also involved in inter-year and next-year planning cycles, influencing team
direction and managing hardware budgets.

A core theme throughout has been operating with frugality mindset to ensure efficient use of developer time, auditor
time, and compute resources while also ensuring compliance with global data privacy requirements such as Data Subject
Access Request and On Demand Data Deletion.

#### Dynamic Merchandising - June 2014 to August 2014 / August 2015 to May 2017

I have worked on numerous systems from design, development, and operational perspectives of a self-service graphic
creation web tool making use of various web technologies, a large scale metadata aggregator and widget renderer in
Scala and Java, and a personalised recommendations system displaying content to Amazon retail customers.

## Education

### 2010 to 2015 - University of Glasgow

#### Computing Science MSci (Hons) 1st Class

As part of the degree programme, I had two individual projects. The first involved parallelising a document filtering
system accelerated using OpenCL allowing the system to make best use of the hardware available on heterogeneous systems.
The second involved working towards parallelisation and model coupling of existing Fortran simulations with a long term
goal of automating as much of the work as possible.

#### Awards

* June 2014 - BCS Prize for the project with the best evaluation
* Class prizes for years 2, 3, 4, and 5.
